I play basketball to win a championship. That championship is everything to me. And that's what gets people to buy in to your brand - being a winner.
I need energy every day. Whether I'm leaving home and going to practice or getting in the car with my two kids to take my son to school - I need all the energy I can get.
I have a Dominique Wilkins Hawks jersey that I still wear. That's probably my favorite one. What's funny is that I spend all this time collecting jerseys, and now people are out there collecting mine.
Whatever I have to do to help us win, I'll do.
What I really try to do is take different pages out of different players books.
The least amount of buttons [in suit], the better. If you have to go with three, you can go three. But all that eight-button stuff? Nuh-uh, not a fan.
One of the things you learn when you go overseas is how much a lot of the countries overseas really just like to enjoy life.
Keep practicing. Never let someone tell you you're too small or too slow.
It's a business now. But you still have little butterflies in your stomach before every game.
I'm not much into anything too flashy.
I was always into sports games. Never really played anything else. I grew up on games like Madden and NBA Jam.
I trust my wife more than I trust myself.
I hate losing more than I like winning.
I had never been to Oklahoma City before. I had no clue. Just heard there were a lot of tornadoes.
I grew up on games like Madden and NBA Jam, then moved on to NFL 2K on Dreamcast. The game I really loved was Virtua Tennis.
I can dunk! I can dunk, and not just in NBA Live. https://tenor.com/view/wake-basketball-wake-forest-chris-paul-dunk-gif-17151588
I always tell D-West, 'We're the leaders on the team, and if we go down, we've got to go down shooting.'
Exercise and good nutrition helped make me what I am today and are critical in allowing me stay on top of my game.
I always have said that the most valuable thing I have isn't money; it's my time.
Family was real important in putting me on my path. I'm so blessed to come from a home with a mother and a father.
Every now and then you're going to get beaten, but we work hard.
Even today a lot of people know me because of my grandfather.
Being close ain't good enough.
Sometimes the fans are too nice.
People have said I have a Napoleon complex. But I've always had to fight for everything that I have.
No matter where you put me, I don't care if it is North Carolina, Florida, California, New York City; I'm going to be who I am.
If my son is happy, then I am happy.
I've been a winner my whole life. https://tenor.com/view/phoenix-suns-chris-paul-ask-about-me-ask-bout-me-chris-paul-ask-about-me-gif-22257174
I've always been vertically challenged. I never grew at all until my junior year of high school-if you call that growing.
I try to penetrate the lane like Steve Nash, pass like Jason Kidd, and handle the ball like Allen Iverson. Remember, I said 'try to'.
For me, it's all about who you are. Some athletes may feel a responsibility. Some may not. One thing I've talked with my family and team about is doing more. Trying to make an impact.
For me, hip-hop culture is involved in everything - it's in me, in who I am, in how I dress, how I talk. It's in my son and my wife.
Being from North Carolina, it's kind of slow-paced. There's not too much going on there, whereas in New Orleans, there's always something going on. I just love all the people, going out to dinner and enjoying anything I want.
I love Polo. I have a lot of Ralph Lauren suits. I got Dolce, I got a little bit of everything. And my favorite thing about Ralph Lauren is that he puts the number three on a lot of his clothes, so I feel like it's meant for me.
I love people. I hate to be by myself.
I realize that I'm not going to be doing interviews for the cover of 'GQ' for the rest of my life, know what I mean? I'm on TV because I play basketball really well.
I love New Orleans.
We have to do more than ever to make sure everybody is registered and ready to vote.
That's the great thing about big cities: Nobody is judging. You really get a chance to show who you are with your style.
Obviously I want the fragrance to smell good. I tell people all the time that when you see someone there can obviously be a physical attraction, but scent is something that stays with you. It's something that you remember about a person.
You can replace houses. You can't replace people.
I'm not the greatest long-distance shooter, I know that. But I know if I can get around that free-throw line area, a lot of times you've just got to hope I miss.
Most of the time, if you ask a kid who's their best friend, it's usually a classmate or their neighbor or something, but for me, it was my granddad. Everybody knew him -- they called him Mr. Jones.
You don't always have to be a leader and be as vocal as I am. I'm sure some people would love it if I didn't talk as much as I did.